Requirement:
       Need a team of four or five freelancer to work on a Prototype to allow 
       Video Store and Streaming with RTMP/HLS protocols using a 
       VOD server. Please go thru the details of Project modules.

      Phase1 :-
      Web Portal & Database
      a) We need a portal which allows authorized admin to login and upload
          video which can be made as video categories with language or genre etc,
          and allow other users to  view video and make playlist.
              admin:- can upload, delete and update video.
              admin:- can create other users which allow them to prepare playlist.
                           admin can create/approve and delete users.
              mysql:- can allow this and maintain records of video objects.
       b) We need a portal which allow users to create a profile and prepare
            their own playlist and register there devices.
               user:- can add device, remove device and update device he consumes
                          the video.
               user:- can refer or introduce new users.
               mysql:- can allow and manage a playlist of users with access privilage 
                            and other details.
   
        RED5 Server,FFMPEG & filestore.
        i) We need to configure the RED5 Server to allow streaming of Video
            present in filestore and PLAY a list of video as per PlayList concurrently.
                 RED5: - can PLAY, PAUSE, STOP and END for streaming video.
                 FFMPEG:- can convert MP4, AVI etc to FLV format.
        ii) We need a filestore to allow us to manage a content management system.
                   filestore:- Allow Admin to create Media Objects which contains.
                                (Video File, Synopsis, Actor Cast, Director, Duration, Rating)
                   filestore:- Allow Admin to Upload Video, Convert to FLV format and
                                    delete a video.
                   filestore:- and MYSQL DB should have consistent names.
       iii) FFMPEG should be able to process UPLOADED Video and convert to
            FLV Format so that RED5 Server can process and provide for streaming
            RTMP and HLS.

          Web Portal
         1) We need a Front Web Portal which is user friendly and intuitive to users.
         2) We need following operations to be managed.
                 a) Admin to create users, set password, privlages and profile.
                 b) User to login, create a profile and personal details.
                         - Prepare playlist, (create, update, delete).
                 c) We need a "VIDEO PLAYER" which allow users to perform 
                      PLAY, PAUSE, STOP and END 
                 
           Client App (Android App, IPAD App)
           #   We need an Android App/ IPAD App which can work on 
                HDMI Streaming stick which allow users to register in Server 
                using mac address,
          ##  We need a Client "VIDEO PLAYER" which allow users to choose
                 Playlist prepared by "user" in the web portal to PLAY on DEVICE.


          
